README.md, before:

# clevercloud

A package for creating clever word clouds

# Project Summary
This package is developed to expand the Stopwords library to capture more English words in various formats including different tense of verbs and plural nouns to achieve better result in machine learning models. For example, the word 'will' is in the current Stopword library and CleverCloud would include other formats such as 'would'. 

## Functions

There are 4 functions in this package:

-   `CleverClean` A preprocessor to convert all the letters to lower case and remove punctuations.

-   `CleverLemStem` A preprocessor to conduct lemmatinzation and stemming on the text.

-   `CleverStopwords` A comprehensive list of English stopwords that allow adding more customized words.

-   `CleverWordCloud` As function to generate a visually appealing word cloud with customized shape and stopwords.

## Installation

```bash
$ pip install clevercloud
```

## Usage

- TODO

## Contributing
Contributors of the project: Amelia Tang, Arushi Ahuja, Victor Francis, Adrianne Leung

Interested in contributing? Check out the contributing guidelines. Please note that this project is released with a Code of Conduct. By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## License

`clevercloud` was created by Group_20. It is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Credits

`clevercloud` was created with [`cookiecutter`](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and the `py-pkgs-cookiecutter` [template](https://github.com/py-pkgs/py-pkgs-cookiecutter).

Commit message:

Add desciption on python ecosystem

README.md, after:

# clevercloud

A package for creating clever word clouds

# Project Summary
This package is developed to expand the Stopwords library to capture more English words in various formats including different tense of verbs and plural nouns to achieve better result in machine learning models. For example, the word 'will' is in the current Stopword library and CleverCloud would include other formats such as 'would'. 

## Functions

There are 4 functions in this package:

-   `CleverClean` A preprocessor to convert all the letters to lower case and remove punctuations.

-   `CleverLemStem` A preprocessor to conduct lemmatization and stemming on the text.

-   `CleverStopwords` A comprehensive list of English stopwords that allow adding more customized words.

-   `CleverWordCloud` As function to generate a visually appealing word cloud with customized shape and stopwords.

## Fitting into the Python ecosystem

Packages that have similar functions:

- [WordCloud](https://github.com/amueller/word_cloud): a word count generator that emphasis more frequently used words from an array of strings and represents them in the form of an image. 

What we do different: 

- Our aim is to improve on the pre-processing of strings before creating a wordcloud in order to make it more user specific and efficient.

- Word cloud only eliminates limited amount of stopwords, but with our package we are giving users the opportunity to add more stopwords that cater to their analysis.

- We are focused on removing as many redundant and duplicate words by setting strings to lower case, removing punctuation, lemmatizing and stemming the text. 


## Installation

```bash
$ pip install clevercloud
```

## Usage

- TODO

## Contributing
Contributors of the project: Amelia Tang, Arushi Ahuja, Victor Francis, Adrianne Leung

Interested in contributing? Check out the contributing guidelines. Please note that this project is released with a Code of Conduct. By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## License

`clevercloud` was created by Group_20. It is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Credits

`clevercloud` was created with [`cookiecutter`](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and the `py-pkgs-cookiecutter` [template](https://github.com/py-pkgs/py-pkgs-cookiecutter).
